Great Britain and America the two
fucking biggest nations in the world
anyone who disagrees with me is one
degenerate foreigner
we have so much in common the language
the moral superiority and the
love the war but what about the
people to ordinary people
make these countries so great
who are you what are you doing how are you?
them
and if so why do not we look at her
us so easy together in little
britain usa
At 1 our two countries can be proud
whoever lays the best teenagers
offenders of the world in this boot camp
in Utah are just new occupants
arrived
the second
we all get out completely
certain reasons here arson
Drug abuse consecrated
it will be hard for you but if
it will keep you adjust to the will you
survive it
well attendance test Latvian
yes yes yes yes but no but yes me
I am but I should actually
not sent that at all
happened was quite different from what one
told that was our clique
then in disney world
they threw us out because we got the
had beaten reset and then said
helga like you should stay the night again
creep in and the peter pan
So rollercoaster waste using fun
are we in there I have nothing
only the gasoline dumped that done
match does not ignite anymore and
then I have the whole school for it
but i am here line and if
kelly raymond you could not have
you can not trust the idea
finished the mustache
I have no idea what
You 're talking what the hell are you talking about
my god you are full that's me
I told you all that press with you
topics I discussed narrative live but
you criminals would be full
the missio and she totally hates me because
she is totally in love with toni totally and has a crush
I find myself hot because toni toss
I celebrated in a youth hostel
has and when you go abroad you
totally psycho does not know anymore
from the river so how should I use the
have chance in there pushed
i get a headache from that
nonsense shut up
but I did not say anything at all
god this loading view of gay me
just shut up
now it has shut up
even shut up people
The old one shut up, I said shut up
The flap fold in with you
two groups but since we start with
departure of the beds
I still had no chance something
to say i do not share mainz one
I think that's serious
they would have seen with girl
the foot he has me in the bus full
staring at a lesbian or something like that and
i will definitely be in the room
move when they are up all the time
Mainz beats believing